the jazz piano masterclass is a
multimedia educational cd-rom for the
student of jazz piano it features over
five hours of lessons by jazz recording
artist and teacher miles black the
course is designed for the beginner to
advanced level penis tour instructor
although the emphasis is on jazz we also
cover the pop and Latin music genres the
main elements in this to cd-rom said are
the 56 audio lessons which feature over
five hours of verbal playing and
instruction as well as actual piano
keyboard and notation display let's look
at one lesson now this is less than
twenty two playing intros the purpose of
an intro is to set up the general mood
of a piece of music so for instance if
you were playing a blues in the key of
b-flat major in 4/4 time at a medium
tempo you might play an intro like this
note that we can switch to MIDI notation
to see exactly what's being played as we
expect that you'll want to practice
elements of the lesson we've also
included mini exercises these MIDI
exercises are linked to each lesson in
which the complete concept is played by
Miles in tempo either solo or with bass
and drums these many exercises are well
you'll do your practicing why don't we
look at one now this also concerns
intros
the topic is basel solo style in F
note that the notes highlight and our
display up here in the virtual piano key
there are also backing tracks where you
can practice various chord progressions
in all keys at varying tempos the
exercise coach is where miles describes
how to get the most out of each lesson
to round out the program we've included
11 original tunes with typical chord
progressions which cover the different
styles and tempos these are used
throughout the program
the 56 lessons are generally presented
in an easier - more difficult sequence
the lessons cover all aspects of chord
voicings accompaniment improvisation
theory is needed in solo duel or trio
playing situations the styles discussed
include swing ballot pop Latin blues
funk waltz bebop stride walking
basslines block chords and much much
more with the jazz piano masterclass you
don't just hear how it's played you see
how it's played
you